[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
HOT SHOWER
[tense music]
[computer beeping]
[Jeremy] Okay, I'm uploading
the program over to you.
Now, the Skid's sonar should be able
to differentiate bio-signals
from the rest of the computer code
in the Digital Sea.
[Aelita] Okay Jeremy,
program received and activated.
[Odd]
And you think that with this,
we'll be able to find out
where XANA is keeping
the spiritual essence
of William prisoner?
[Aelita] Let's hope so.
It's the best chance we have to bring
him back to the real world.
The return of our tall, handsome hero!
I'm sure Ulrich's gonna be thrilled
to have his old rival back.
[Ulrich] Odd,
sometimes
you're really a bit too much.
Only sometimes?
Oh no, I guess I must be slipping.
Speaking of Yumi,
I wouldn't mind being in her shoes today.
[Ulrich] Are you kidding?
Helping run the outdoor science lab
with fifth graders
isn't exactly her idea of fun.
I'll bet she's loving it.
[Mrs. Hertz] To mark the exceptional event
of the comet
VG-seven hundred twenty four's
passage near Earth,
we are going to build a giant mockup
of the solar system to plot its path
and understand
its periodic extra solar orbit.
Beside me is a scale model of our sun,
as you can see.
What you're going to do now is create
the eight planets which orbit around it.
So, we'll break off into different teams,
with each team responsible
for one planet and its orbit.
Fifth grade students
will make their planets to scale,
whereas ninth graders will have…
Hey Yumi,
I'd really like to be on your team.
Sorry, Johnny, that's up to Mrs. Hertz.
[Mrs. Hertz] Are there any questions?
Could I be on Yumi's team, ma'am?
[everyone laugh]
[moans]
All right Johnny, but don't let me catch
you clowning around with Hiroki.
This is gonna be a lot of fun.
[hums]
[theme music]
The mass and velocity of the comet
VG seven twenty four, are so great
that striking the Earth would provoke
an explosion equivalent
to a thousand times the strength
of the atomic bomb dropped
on Hiroshima in 1945.
Subsequently earthquakes and tsunamis
would destroy the world's major cities;
Atmospheric debris would blot out the sun
in a long night lasting two centuries.
Consequently, this would spell
mass extinction for flora and fauna
and the entire human race.
Now of course,
there's no risk of this happening
since the comet will pass
no closer than um…
Well, two million
kilometers from our beautiful planet.
We have also been informed
by highly confidential sources
that the government operates a military
satellite armed with laser cannons,
sufficiently powerful to alter the course
of any interstellar threats such as this.
[Aelita]
The detection spectrum is honing in.
The sonar is picking up a faint residual
trace of digital DNA in the area.
It might be William or maybe…
[Ulrich] Your father.
What are we waiting for?
Let's go check it out.
[Aelita] Okay.
[Mrs. Hertz] This is for you…
And you…
Oh!
[indistinct chatter]
Oh! Too cool. Guess what?
We get to do planet Earth.
Great. This is my lucky day.
Earth and the moon.
Yippee.
And to think that Jeremy
wanted to take my place.
Don't forget, the sun should be the center
of your calculated orbits, right?
And fifth graders, note your planetary
scale in relation to the sun.
This exercise will be graded.
Now get to work.
Just a second, Suzanne.
I have an important announcement to make.
Now, about the poles.
I'd like to call your attention
to an important technical aspect.
They have two ends.
One is pointy and sharp.
That's the one you put into the ground.
If you try to do it the other way,
you might hurt yourselves
pushing on the pointy end.
[students mutter]
[Tamiya] Come on, you'd have
to be an idiot not to figure that out!
-[Jim wonders]
-[trombone music]
[hums]
[dramatic music]
-[computer beeps]
-[Jeremy] Why now?
Why can't we just go on
an exploratory mission in peace?
XANA, what do you have in store
for us this time?
[dramatic music]
[menacing music]
[Jeremy]
Sorry Aelita,
but you're needed
back on Lyoko on the double.
-Activated tower.
-Got it, Jeremy. I'm turning around.
[indistinct chatter]
[Hiroki] Okay, I'm done.
What do you think of my planet Earth?
Look Yumi,
the moon is yours for the asking.
Yeah right. Hiroki,
doesn't the Earth have another name?
"The blue planet," yeah, I know.
I was using a little imagination,
like if there was a Mars attack.
Johnny, do you think
anything can grow on the moon?
Well no, but I thought it would
be more poetic with plants.
Both of you, start over and fix it!
Forget it.
Imagination and poetry are wasted on her!
Please, send me a miracle
to get me out of this!
[mobile rings]
Hello? Yes Jeremy. An activated tower?
Wow, thank you XANA!
[wonders] What are you talking about?
Oh, nothing. I'm on my way right now.
[kid 1] What do you think?
[kid 2] Okay.
Some breaking news.
It appears the comet VG seven hundred
and twenty four has broken apart…
What is going on around here?
…following a shot
from a satellite… Um…
[hesitating]
…For reasons yet unknown.
Correction…
[TV woman] International observatories
have now confirmed
that all's well with the comet,
and it will simply crash on…
Um… Nowhere…
It will pass very far from Earth.
Anyway, we could obliterate it
with military satellites.
Which of course, don't exist.
This is just a little April Fool joke
from our producer.
So, that's it, farewell…
I mean more news later.
[giggles]
Uno, it's not April, dos,
something is going haywire.
Let's see, "Orbital Observation Program"
comet VG 724.
[Jeremy] Aelita,
I just figured out
XANA's attack.
XANA used a satellite
to change the course of a comet.
It's gonna create a meteor shower
that will pour down on Earth.
[Aelita] What? Are you sure?
[Jeremy] Well actually,
according to my calculations,
most of the meteorites should burn
up completely in the atmosphere.
On the other hand, there's a chunk coming
behind it that will crash dive into…
Oh no… Into the factory!
Jeremy, you have to get out
of the computer lab right now!
[Jeremy] I can't do that.
If the computer lab gets destroyed,
you guys will be stuck in the Digital Sea,
at XANA's mercy.
No, we've got to deactivate the tower.
[Odd]
Relax, Jeremy. We'll do it in no time.
[Ulrich] That's not gonna stop
the meteorite from falling.
That's true, and that's why
I'm staying at the control center,
to launch a return to the past
before we're hit by it.
Okay, full speed ahead!
[Jeremy] You've got a hub,
bearing northwest of your position
under the databank shelf.
[Aelita] Got it.
Hub dead ahead.
[soft music]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[mobile rings]
[panting]
Jeremy. I'm almost there.
-What?
-[Jeremy] Yeah, a meteorite,
and considering its mass,
it'll obliterate not only the factory,
but also the entire area,
including the Academy.
The others are on their way back.
They'll meet up with you on Lyoko.
Yumi? Are you there?
[Yumi] Hiroki…
Sorry, I'll be right there, but I…
I've got something important to do first.
Yumi, this is not the time.
We need you
immediately!
-Yumi?
-[terminate call beep]
Yumi!
-[beeping]
-[grunts]
-[hums]
Holy cow! What is that?
[digital beep]
[groans]
A firewall.
That's got to be a present from XANA.
I'll get us out of it.
[Aelita] It's not working!
Jeremy, we've got a problem.
I see it, Aelita. I'm already on it.
[tense music]
Hey, where'd you go?
Look, I painted over it with blue,
and now look at this awful color.
Hiroki, I want you to go home right now,
okay?
Take Johnny with you,
and I'll meet you there later.
What? But what about Mrs. Hertz's class?
Hiroki, you heard me!
Hey, what's the matter with you?
You get into a fight with Ulrich again?
[angry]
By the way, Suzanne,
how's it going with Pedro?
Oh, really Jim,
not around the students! Oh!
Mrs. Hertz,
we have to evacuate the Academy!
What are you talking about, Yumi?
Well, it's… I know this may sound crazy,
but a meteorite is going to hit right
here where we're standing.
Hold on now, Ishiyama. I told you
that raw fish was no good for you.
No, I swear it's true.
I just found out from… a friend
who works at the national observatory.
[dramatic music]
-Wow!
-Hey look, did you see that?
-[student] Check it out!
-Wow!
[indistinct chatter]
Wow, great fireworks!
Jim, we have to evacuate the Academy.
[wonders]
The firewall's energy is set up along
a fairly basic algorithm.
All we have to do is crack it,
and we'll be able
to slip through a breach in security.
[Jeremy] Good idea.
Hey, I think I finally understand
what XANA's really up to.
[Odd] Bravo Einstein!
You finally realized that he wants
to destroy the Supercomputer
to keep us from coming in and pulling
the virtual carpet from under him.
Well, obviously,
but this time,
he picked the most perfect moment.
Of course.
By destroying the Supercomputer,
XANA will not only destroy Lyoko,
but more importantly,
our only way back
into the real world.
But why would he want to trap us here?
[Jeremy] To get a hold of you, Aelita.
You're the one XANA has wanted to capture
since we re-created Lyoko.
It's called "killing two birds
with one stone."
Come now Suzanne, this is ridiculous.
Are you absolutely sure it couldn't
have been from something else?
Fireworks, for example?
-[differs]
-[Jim] That's what I keep telling her.
But I think she overdid it
with the mint tea.
I know what I saw, Jean-Pierre.
It was a meteor shower.
We have to get the students to safety now!
[hums]
[Jean-Pierre] Fine. As a precaution,
I'm willing to go ahead
and evacuate the Academy.
-But I don't want any panic.
-[Jim sniggers]
Got it.
I found the weak link
in the algorithm.
It's as plain as day.
The system overcompensates pressure,
but takes three milliseconds
to inverse its polarity.
Of course!
By synchronizing the initial pressure,
you can neutralize the sinusoidal
distortion, Aelita.
[Odd] Translation?
Rubber band system. Hang on.
Stand by for stopping turbo prop.
Ready? Now!
[beeping]
[grunts]
Nice one, Aelita.
Now hurry and get over to the hub.
We need you back
on Lyoko ASAP!
[Aelita] Roger.
Everyone okay?
[Odd] My breakfast wants to come back up
to say hello, but otherwise, all's well.
They're never gonna get there in time,
unless I…
Yeah, if I could manage to regain control
of that satellite, even for a minute,
I just might get the meteorite
to change its course again.
Uh, let's see…
"Defense Department… Top Secret Data."
Password… Piece o' cake.
[theme music]
[soft music]
Okay, fire drill, everybody.
I want all of you
to make your way calmly to the main gate.
[student] No, not again.
Oh man, another drill?
[Aelita] Hub in sight.
Thirty seconds to dive.
Bingo!
Well, now I'm just gonna need
a transmission relay
to link up the satellite.
[soft music]
[indistinct chatter]
[mobile rings]
Jeremy?
Yes, I'm still at school.
I'm really sorry, but I had to…
Don't worry, Yumi. Plan B time. In fact,
I'm glad that you haven't left school yet.
[Yumi] Your lap top?
Okay, I'll go to your room and get it.
Then what?
Uh, okay.
Hey!
Where's your sister going?
Only one way to find out.
[dramatic music]
You read me, Aelita?
I'm entering the coordinates for Lyoko.
[Aelita] Stand by for broadband
acceleration in three… Two… One… Zero…
[dramatic music]
[Jim] Take cover!
[groans]
[students grunt]
[laughs]
-[student 1] No, thunder…
-[student 2] I don't know.
-[student 3] It's a meteor.
-[Jim] Calm down right now!
Jeremy, we're good.
I just picked up your laptop.
Head for the roof of the science building,
and hook it to the antenna.
-[Yumi] I'm on it.
-And hurry up!
[upbeat music]
Okay Jeremy, we're back on Lyoko.
Where's the activated tower?
[Jeremy] Desert Sector… Quadrant 57-42.
Roger.
[Aelita] There it is!
-[tense music]
-[Yumi pants]
[efforts]
Oh, no!
[grunts]
[Hiroki] Security door versus
Yumi's ankle. I'd bet on the door.
What do you two think you're doing here?
[upbeat music]
[Aelita] Here we go!
[Aelita] Teleport!
[action music]
The tower is only fifty meters away.
How much time do we have, Jeremy?
[Jeremy] Enough, if you can rid
of your welcoming committee.
He ran away.
So why waste a Laser arrow on a coward.
Go on, buddy, he's all yours.
[grunts]
[upbeat music]
[Odd] Uh-oh!
[tense music]
All of a sudden
that tower seems a lot further away.
Maybe you should tell us
what you think you're doing.
I haven't time for you brats.
Go back outside.
[yells]
We know how to open it.
Shut up, Hiroki.
I'm sick of hearing your lies.
But it's true. We can open any door.
[nods]
Well, if you think you're so good,
then be my guest.
Okay, but first you gotta tell us
what you're up to.
[annoyed]
Oh, what have I got to lose?
A meteorite
is going to crash on the school,
and if I don't connect this computer
to the roof antenna now,
then Jeremy
won't be able to access the satellite
that might change its course, understand?
A meteorite? Not bad.
Now tell us what's really going on?
-[tremble noise]
-[both groan]
[Hiroki] Okay, okay, let's go Johnny.
Incredible!
[laser blast]
[Ulrich] Super sprint!
[grunts]
Laser arrow!
-It's hot.
-Yeah, well this is the desert.
[Aelita] It doesn't look good.
We'll never get through.
You should never say never.
[theme music]
[tense music]
Okay Jeremy, I'm on the roof.
Now what do I do?
Listen, try to find the antenna cable.
[wind blows]
-[Yumi groans]
-[wind blows]
-Got it.
-Great.
Now cut as cleanly as you can,
and stick it in the blue plug
in the back of my laptop.
Push hard. We can't strip the wire.
There's not enough time.
It should work.
Great! What am I gonna do without a knife?
[wonders]
[groans]
Nice one, princess.
[laser blast]
-Coward and cheater? Hey!
-We've gotta change tactics.
[Odd] Yeah!
-[Yumi] Okay Jeremy, it's in.
-Great job.
Now, let the duel begin.
[dramatic music]
[short circuit noises]
[computer beeping]
How did that rat XANA get onto me?
How's it going over there, Ulrich?
[Ulrich] Not so good.
[dramatic music]
[Ulrich] Stay behind us, Aelita.
If you get devirtualized, we'll never
be able to deactivate the tower.
[Odd] How can anyone be such a bad shot?
Odd?
[moans]
[surprised]
[Odd groans]
[Aelita] The Tarantulas
haven't fired at me even once.
[moans]
That's because you've got
great bodyguards.
[tense music]
Too late.
[moans]
[groans]
Get going you two. Hurry up.
But what about you?
[Yumi]
I can't let go of the cable. Beat it!
I'll never make it.
XANA is a flawless program and I'm human.
[Ulrich] This time it's all over.
No, Ulrich.
What are you doing?
I'm forcing XANA to make a choice.
[angry]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[angry]
-Hurry Odd, devirtualize me.
-What are you crazy?
[Aelita] Do what I say.
[Jeremy] Odd,
Aelita's right.
It's our only hope.
[grunts]
[moans]
[angry]
-[Odd] What was that all about?
-[Ulrich] No idea.
[moans]
[moan]
To win,
sometimes you have to know how to lose.
You think XANA understands that?
[hums]
[dramatic music]
[grunt]
[Hiroki] Hey, what's… Wow!
-[Hiroki] We're saved!
-[Johnny] We're saved!
Great shot, Jeremy, a real bullseye.
It wasn't me.
That was XANA.
Looks like he gave up on his plan.
XANA wanted to capture me more than
he wanted to destroy the Supercomputer.
With me back on Earth,
he couldn't do either of them.
Well Yumi, don't the "brats"
get a thank you.
Thank you, brats.
-[surprised]
-Mwah!
Yuck!
[kissing]
[grinning]
You guys really helped me a lot this time.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna let you forget that either.
Oh, give me a little break?
Return to the past now!
[birds chirp]
[soft music]
[Jeremy] So how was your day?
You won't believe it,
but we got the highest grade.
And so I promised Johnny
I would keep his moon as a present.
I owe him that at least,
even if he doesn't remember anything.
See? Your brother's
not that bad after all.
Yeah, he can be pretty handy
when he wants to. That's why I'm worried.
Yeah? How come?
[door closes]
Because now I know it's useless
locking the door to my room!
[theme music]